2004/02
This should be all the possible combinations of [cep] invocation.
I put it together when I was building Ceptcl,
it's not complete or 100% accurate.


cep  ?-domain domain? ?-type type?
cep  ?-domain domain? ?-type type? ?-myaddr addr? ?-myport myport? ?-async? ?-message message? addr ?port?
cep  ?-domain domain? ?-type type? -server command addr ?port?

where applicable
domain : one of local, inet or inet6
type: one of stream (tcp) or datagram (udp)

for most, the defaults are domain: inet, type: stream


localpair:
cep ?-type type?
cep -domain local ?-type type?
Will return a list containing the two channel ids of a locally connected pair.


client:
cep ?-domain domain? ?-type type? ?-myaddr addr? ?-myport myport? ?-asnyc? addr ?port?
for local domain, the addr is the local file, and port is not specified.

send a datagram:
un	cep addr port message
cep ?-domain domain? addr port message
cep ?-domain domain? ?-type type? addr port message
cep ?-domain domain? ?-type type? ?-myaddr addr? addr port message
cep ?-domain domain? ?-type type? ?-myaddr addr? ?-myport myport? addr port message
cep ?-domain domain? ?-type type? ?-myaddr addr? ?-myport myport? ?-asnyc? addr port message
datagram is the default type in this configuration.
type can only be datagram


server:
cep ?-domain domain? ?-type type? -server command ?-myaddr addr? port/name


datagram reciver:
cep  ?-domain domain? ?-type datagram? -receiver command ?-myaddr addr? port/name



localpair:
cep                 localpair stream
cep -type stream    localpair stream
cep -type datagram  localpair datagram


inet stream server:
cep -server command -myaddr addr port
cep -server command  port
cep -domain inet -server command -myaddr addr port
cep -domain inet -server command  port
cep -domain inet -type stream -server command -myaddr addr port
cep -domain inet -type stream -server command  port


inet6 stream server:
cep -domain inet6 -server command -myaddr addr port
cep -domain inet6 -server command  port
cep -domain inet6 -type stream -server command -myaddr addr port
cep -domain inet6 -type stream -server command  port


local stream server:
cep -domain local -server command name
cep -domain local -type stream -server command name


inet stream client:
cep addr port
cep -async addr port
cep -myport myport addr port
cep -myport myport -async addr port
cep -myaddr myaddr addr port
cep -myaddr myaddr -async addr port
cep -myaddr myaddr -myport myport addr port
cep -myaddr myaddr -myport myport -async addr port
cep -domain inet addr port
cep -domain inet -async addr port
cep -domain inet -myport myport addr port
cep -domain inet -myport myport -async addr port
cep -domain inet -myaddr myaddr addr port
cep -domain inet -myaddr myaddr -async addr port
cep -domain inet -myaddr myaddr -myport myport addr port
cep -domain inet -myaddr myaddr -myport myport -async addr port
cep -domain inet -type stream addr port
cep -domain inet -type stream -async addr port
cep -domain inet -type stream -myport myport addr port
cep -domain inet -type stream -myport myport -async addr port
cep -domain inet -type stream -myaddr myaddr addr port
cep -domain inet -type stream -myaddr myaddr -async addr port
cep -domain inet -type stream -myaddr myaddr -myport myport addr port
cep -domain inet -type stream -myaddr myaddr -myport myport -async addr port


inet6 stream client:
cep -domain inet6 addr port
cep -domain inet6 -async addr port
cep -domain inet6 -myport myport addr port
cep -domain inet6 -myport myport -async addr port
cep -domain inet6 -myaddr myaddr addr port
cep -domain inet6 -myaddr myaddr -async addr port
cep -domain inet6 -myaddr myaddr -myport myport addr port
cep -domain inet6 -myaddr myaddr -myport myport -async addr port
cep -domain inet6 -type stream addr port
cep -domain inet6 -type stream -async addr port
cep -domain inet6 -type stream -myport myport addr port
cep -domain inet6 -type stream -myport myport -async addr port
cep -domain inet6 -type stream -myaddr myaddr addr port
cep -domain inet6 -type stream -myaddr myaddr -async addr port
cep -domain inet6 -type stream -myaddr myaddr -myport myport addr port
cep -domain inet6 -type stream -myaddr myaddr -myport myport -async addr port

